Hm?
[sighs]
[grunts]
Huh.
[gasps]
Who are you?
(Sasuke) Tell me.
I need to know. Are you actually
married to my father?
You've been acting kind of weird
all day!
What's weird is the relationship
you have with my Dad!
So anyway, I kind of have a
favor to ask of my best friend.
Are you willing to hear me out?
What do you need?
Well, you see, I'm thinking of
going on a journey.
I'm going to find out who my
real mom and dad are...
and naturally, you'll be coming
along, right?
That's it! That's the answer!
We'll leave just as soon as we
get packed! Okay? Did you
get that?!
(Sarada) I'll ask Lord Seventh.
He ought to know where my Dad
is.
Hmm.
Shikamaru, how many headbands
were we gonna order? I can't
remember.
Why don't you let me take care
of ordering those?
You must have other work, right?
Huh?
(Naruto) It's Sasuke's hawk.
That guy, he's so analog
when it comes to this stuff.
Well, it's not his fault.
There's no place to charge a
device on 80% of his missions.
Give him a break, huh?
[gasps] This is...?
(Kakashi) What is it, Naruto?
Didn't I already tell you that I
was planning to go on a long
leave?
I see. Well, if this guy really
does have the Sharingan, which
is highly unlikely...
He's either an Uchiha survivor,
or maybe...
(Kakashi) He's someone related
to him.
Huh?
So you've seen him, then?
Mhm.
And? How was Sasuke Uchiha?
He was really strong. I could
not overpower.
And yet what you experienced is
nothing like his true power.
(Shin) The power of Sasuke
Uchiha's Sharingan, that is.
Sharingan?
So he...he killed Itachi?
Unforgivable, must kill.
That's right. Sasuke, the
disgrace of the proud
Uchiha Clan.
He doesn't deserve to have that
kind of power, not the
Sharingan.
[panting]
(Naruto) I'll contact you again
if I learn anything new.
It looks like I'll need to get
the details from Sasuke myself.
So in that case, I'm gonna take
off and go meet up with him.
[gasps]
I'm leaving a Shadow Clone here
in the village, and then I'll go
there to meet Sasuke personally.
What started as a small ember is
now a big fire. You'd better
hurry.
Yeah.
Yes.
I'll be back soon. Take care of
the village.
Alright.
(Cho‐Cho) Sorry to keep you
waiting, Sarada!
What's going on? You seem a lot
more excited than me.
[chuckles] Cho‐Cho! You sure
brought a lot of stuff.
Mhm, well, you never know, it
could turn out to be a long
journey so...
Check it out! I'm prepared for
anything!
Oh wow, look at you, that's
amazing!
I swear I'm going to find my
real dad if it's the last thing
I do. [chuckles]
[panting]
Get better soon, all right?
(Cho‐Cho) He was the most
handsome manly man ever, and he
saved my life!
I just know he's my real dad,
and I'm gonna find him somewhere
out there!
[uncomfortable laugh]
(Naruto) Okay, I better get
going.
[gasps]
Tell Boruto, I'm really sorry.
Mhm.
[gasps]
Hey, that's Lord Seventh.
Wait, is he going on a trip too?
Hey, what are you doing?!
[grunts]
[groans]
That hurt.
[yelling] I'm sorry, are you all
right?
How come you're being so bossy
all of a sudden?
And why are you acting so mad?
Huh?
[grunts] I'm afraid you just
missed him.
Oh, now I get it, you guys
brought his lunch. He said
sorry.
[scoffs]
Let's go back home, Mitsuki.
If we hurry up, maybe we
could still catch him.
(Sarada) Boruto!
Hmm?
Hold on a minute! You want me to
deliver that lunch box for you?
Huh?
Uh.
Sarada?
We were just getting ready to
leave on a little trip right
now.
If you like, we can take that to
Lord Seventh. Okay, great.
Right? You don't mind, Cho‐Cho?
Fine with me but, is there
enough in there for me too?
[chuckles]
No. Sorry.
I'm taking it back to Mom and
giving her a piece of my mind.
She just keeps on making lunch
boxes for him. She should know
better.
What is it now?
I'm saying I'll deliver it to
him.
And I'm saying no thank you.
If you don't want it, then I'd
be happy to eat it for you.
Hey, Cho‐Cho, why don't you come
over here with me for a second.
Are you gonna ask me out?
Your heroine syndrome
is quite advanced.
You need to learn how to mind
your own business!
You actually know the person
who's going to deliver it, so
what's the big deal?
Besides, I'm qualified to make
the delivery.
Hmm?
I swear I'll get it to him!
I won't let the lunch your mom
made for the Seventh Hokage go
to waste!
Please, trust me on this one!
Why is this so important to you?
[sighs]
Because a lunch box isn't just
about the food that's in it.
(Sarada) It's really about how
special the person is who made
it for you.
What the heck's going on with
you?
[sighs]
Naruto is heading toward the
Shikoro Pass. Boruto, you
should let her take it.
Fine.
Here ya go.
[chuckles]
I promise I'll give it right to
him.
Yeah.
Cho‐Cho! Let's go!
Uh, okay.
I'm pretty sure he's
totally into me.
(Cho‐Cho) But seriously, no
thanks!
[chuckles]
I finally get to meet you...Dad.
[scoffs] She is so weird.
They're on the move now.
I saw it as well.
Let's focus on our next job,
Shin. Bring me his daughter.
Hmm.
The one with the glasses. She's
wearing the crest of the Uchiha
Clan, just like you.
We'll be able to use that girl
to our advantage in many ways.
[panting]
The food in that lunch box is
going to get all messed up if we
keep running like this!
But I guess that's what happens
when you eat, anyway! [groans]
We have to hurry, or we won't
catch up!
Besides, what's the point of all
this if he doesn't get to eat
it?!
(Cho‐Cho) [panting]
I've had it! I can't run
anymore! [panting]
If you can't run, I'll
roll you if I have to!
Great idea!
Huh?
[gasps]
Those red eyes...
Who are you? Tell us.
I'm Shin, Uchiha.
[gasps]
How can you be an Uchiha? My dad
and I are the only Uchiha
survivors left.
Come with me.
And? What if I refuse?
Father said I must
bring you to him.
His word...obey!
[grunts]
I'm taking you away!
[gasps] What are you going to do
with me after you kidnap me?
[grunts]
Cho‐Cho!
Partial Expansion Jutsu!
[grunts]
You aren't needed.
[gasps]
[gasping]
(Naruto) Don't you think this is
a little much...
for a kid's fight?
Lord Seventh!
If there's one thing I know it's
that the kids in my village are
generally well‐behaved!
(Naruto) Sharingan.
I see. So you're the one.
Lord Seventh saved me
just like that!
Sorry kid, but it looks like
I'll have to bring you in.
(Naruto) I have some questions
for you as well.
[grunts]
(Naruto) Look at that.
The Mangekyo Sharingan, too.
All right. I can't go easy on
you then.
Remotely controlled weapons,
huh? I get it.
So that's your power.
Naruto, are we gonna let loose
for once?
Yeah just a little bit.
Uh, Sarada, is this what they
say is inside of Lord Seventh's
body?
Yeah. That's it. It's the
Nine‐Tailed Beast.
Go easy, okay?
[scoffs] Not sure about that.
Look at all that enormous
chakra he has!
(Sarada) And he's controlling it
so accurately!
Good job. Nicely done, kid. It
appears you're well trained.
Hmm.
Oh, wow! I knew Lord Seventh was
a super strong shinobi but...
(Cho‐Cho) He's even more amazing
when you see him in actual
combat!
His presence is downright
dazzling! Could he be?
Huh?
Take note: that's the power of
the Nine Tails of the Seventh
Hokage.
He's widely known as the
greatest shinobi of his time.
To be able to see it through
these eyes is an unexpected
bonus.
Hmm.
Retreat for now, Shin. This is
not an adversary you can take on
yourself.
Hmm.
[gasps] He's gone!
Transportation Ninjutsu?
[sighs] I guess it's over.
(Cho‐Cho) Umm.
Hmm?
Excuse me but, is it possible
you're my real dad, Lord
Seventh?
Huh? What are you talking about?
Hmm...um...it's not really the
same feeling.
Uh, wait a sec, what exactly is
going on here?
Anyway, who was that kid? he
showed up out of nowhere.
This whole journey was supposed
to be all about me finding my
real dad.
Am I like a fair maiden who
everyone's fighting over?
Nah. I don't think you're the
one they're targeting, Cho‐Cho.
It's probably Sarada that
they're after.
Huh? After me? Do you
know who they are?
He said he was from
the Uchiha Clan.
Huh?
Listen you don't have to worry
about a thing, okay? It's all
right, I'll always protect you.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
All right. I can't very well
send the two of you back to the
village alone.
I think both of you should come
with me.
That will be the safest option.
Oh are you sure? All right!
It's no problem. Actually, I was
just on my way to meet with
Sasuke.
[chuckles] Haven't seen him in a
while. I'm sure he'll be happy
to see you too, Sarada!
[sighs]
Oh yeah! I came to deliver this
to you.
Oh?
[chuckles] Thanks a lot! Sorry
to trouble you.
(Naruto) That hit the spot!
Thank you, again. It was really
thoughtful of you.
Oh, no, you can thank Boruto,
it's all because of him.
[chuckles] Sure.
So, we're gonna see Sarada's
dad?
You know originally this was
supposed to be a trip for me to
find my dad.
Hmm? What happened to Choji? Did
he go somewhere?
Sarada, tell me about
what your dad is like.
You know I've never met the
guy? Not even once.
I don't remember him.
Yeah, that's right. Your dad's
been traveling this whole time.
[sighs]
Let's see here, how would I
describe your dad?
[gulps]
He was super popular with the
kunoichi at the Academy, just
like I was.
And he was also quite a handsome
young man, just like I was.
Plus, he was always the one to
get the top grades in ninjutsu,
just like I did.
I thought only one person could
get the top grade? Sounds fishy.
[chuckles]
But also, he was antisocial,
grouchy, arrogant and rude!
Totally not like me at all!
[groans]
In other words, he's what you'd
call my rival.
That's still true even today.
(Naruto) Sarada.
Earlier when I was watching
you...
you reminded me a lot of Sasuke
and Sakura from back in the day.
Huh?
(Naruto) I mean, Sasuke never
wore glasses, but I swear you
two have the exact same eyes.
Also, you just have a way about
you that's so similar to Sakura.
Like you're probably really
scary when you snap!
But don't you worry.
No matter how far apart, or how
long it's been since you've seen
him...
(Naruto) It's never gonna change
the fact that you're Sasuke's
daughter.
[chuckles]
And Cho‐Cho, your face is a
mirror of Karui's!
And your physique is just like
Choji's when he was a kid!
Huh?
(Naruto) I wish I had another
one of those meat buns.
(Sarada) I wonder why, when I'm
with Lord Seventh...
...yeah this is nothing!
(Sarada) ...I feel so relaxed.
[panting]
(Naruto) It's coming into view!
That's the tower! That's where
I'm supposed to meet with
Sasuke!
[panting]
[groans] I can't run anymore!
Let's take a break! [panting]
I guess there's no getting
around it, but only for a
little bit.
Oh, come on! The tower is right
there in front of us!
It's okay. Let's just
sit for a sec.
[panting] All right.
[sighs] Um, I need to
use the bathroom.
Alright then, don't stray too
far.
Uh, right.
In just a little while, I
finally get to meet him!
Dad...[crying]
[panting]
[heavy breathing]
Huh?
Dad!
I'm very impressed that you
found me.
Are you one of them?
[gasps]
(Sasuke) Naruto, what exactly is
going on?
Why did you bring children with
you?
(Sarada) I came here to see you,
Dad! Why won't you ever stay and
live with Mom?
Do you even care that you've
forgotten what your own daughter
looks like?!
What exactly is it that you've
been doing this whole time?!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "Sasuke and
Sarada."
(Sasuke) What I do has nothing
to do with you.